personalize signup page with cio data (#988)
eggheadio/egghead-next: src/components/pages/landing/article/index.mdx

</Byline>

<H3 className="max-w-lg">
  Don't you wish you could jack into the Matrix and inject{' '}

>   {props.topic ? title(props.topic) : 'TypeScript'} directly to your brain?

Author: typescript is a silly default probably
```suggestion
  {props.topic ? title(props.topic) : 'Full Stack Web Development'} directly to your brain?
```

<Spacer />

> export const getListOfInstructors = (topic) => {

Author: these lists could use more topics and varied instructors

<Prose>

> <div>

Author: it had to be in a div or else `{props.title}` wasn't parsed
